---
title: "Blog Test 1"
date: 2018-05-20
---

# Bob Ross Ipsum - Enjoy the Happy text


That's what painting is all about. It should make you feel good when you paint. We'll make some happy little bushes here. You can do anything your heart can imagine. These things happen automatically. All you have to do is just let them happen. This piece of canvas is your world. You want your tree to have some character. Make it special.

You could sit here for weeks with your one hair brush trying to do that - or you could do it with one stroke with an almighty brush. Just let your mind wander and enjoy. This should make you happy. Just think about these things in your mind and drop em' on canvas. We'll lay all these little funky little things in there. You have freedom here. The only guide is your heart.
A beautiful little sunset. It looks so good, I might as well not stop. Trees grow however makes them happy. We'll play with clouds today. Trees cover up a multitude of sins.

Nothing's gonna make your husband or wife madder than coming home and having a snow-covered dinner. Just relax and let it flow. That easy. This is the fun part How to paint. That's easy. What to paint. That's much harder. Paint anything you want on the canvas. Create your own world. We start with a vision in our heart, and we put it on canvas.
Only eight colors that you need. Let's build an almighty mountain. Son of a gun. Talk to trees, look at the birds. Whatever it takes. Don't fiddle with it all day.

Fluff that up. You can spend all day playing with mountains. Making all those little fluffies that live in the clouds. Let's put some happy little clouds in our world. You don't have to be crazy to do this but it does help.
In painting, you have unlimited power. You have the ability to move mountains. You can bend rivers. But when I get home, the only thing I have power over is the garbage. If you overwork it you become a cloud killer. There's nothing worse than a cloud killer. You have to make almighty decisions when you're the creator. See. We take the corner of the brush and let it play back-and-forth. Don't forget to tell these special people in your life just how special they are to you.

