---
title: "Blog 2 - Cat Ipsum"
date: 2018-05-20
---

# "Meow"

Loved it, hated it, loved it, hated it. Hit you unexpectedly chase imaginary bugs rub face on everything. Put toy mouse in food bowl run out of litter box at full speed asdflkjaertvlkjasntvkjn (sits on keyboard), and playing with balls of wool. Thug cat plop down in the middle where everybody walks so i could pee on this if i had the energy or roll on the floor purring your whiskers off so scoot butt on the rug. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty kitty poochy so pelt around the house and up and down stairs chasing phantoms. Love howl uncontrollably for no reason jump on human and sleep on her all night long be long in the bed, purr in the morning and then give a bite to every human around for not waking up request food, purr loud scratch the walls, the floor, the windows, the humans climb a tree, wait for a fireman jump to fireman then scratch his face cat dog hate mouse eat string barf pillow no baths hate everything yet cat fur is the new black kick up litter. Making sure that fluff gets into the owner's eyes playing with balls of wool eat an easter feather as if it were a bird then burp victoriously, but tender and stare at guinea pigs. Kitty scratches couch bad kitty. Groom yourself 4 hours - checked, have your beauty sleep 18 hours - checked, be fabulous for the rest of the day - checked rub face on everything, and attack feet, and suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. Meow all night having their mate disturbing sleeping humans annoy the old grumpy cat, start a fight and then retreat to wash when i lose. 

Spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch litter kitter kitty litty little kitten big roar roar feed me for stare at ceiling light. Gnaw the corn cob warm up laptop with butt lick butt fart rainbows until owner yells pee in litter box hiss at cats lick the curtain just to be annoying yet crash against wall but walk away like nothing happened jump launch to pounce upon little yarn mouse, bare fangs at toy run hide in litter box until treats are fed for knock dish off table head butt cant eat out of my own dish yet demand to have some of whatever the human is cooking, then sniff the offering and walk away. Drink water out of the faucet hit you unexpectedly nya nya nyan for munch on tasty moths or run outside as soon as door open eat a plant, kill a hand sleep on my human's head. I cry and cry and cry unless you pet me, and then maybe i cry just for fun when owners are asleep, cry for no apparent reason so sit on the laptop. Hiss and stare at nothing then run suddenly away suddenly go on wild-eyed crazy rampage. Cats secretly make all the worlds muffins scratch me there, elevator butt for need to chase tail. Human is washing you why halp oh the horror flee scratch hiss bite cat not kitten around . Always hungry spill litter box, scratch at owner, destroy all furniture, especially couch or plays league of legends being gorgeous with belly side up. Russian blue stand in front of the computer screen disappear for four days and return home with an expensive injury; bite the vet stares at human while pushing stuff off a table. 
